Update autosubscribe-arn-destination.md (#1041)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/autosubscribe-arn-destination.md

1. In the Serverless Application Repository, search for **sumologic**.
1. Select **Show apps that create custom IAM roles or resource policies** check box.
1. Click the **sumologic-loggroup-connector**,link, and then click **Deploy**.

> 1. In the **AWS Lambda \> Functions \> Application Settings** panel, configure the parameters as described in [configuring parameters](#configuringparameters) section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **AWS Lambda \> Functions \> Application Settings** panel, configure the parameters as described in [configuring parameters](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/autosubscribe-arn-destination/#configuringparameters).
```

Reviewer: try the full path and see if the build still rejects you.

Reviewer 2: Hi Stacy, the cause of the build failure was due to something in the github actions.
